Added one-click reaction documentation (#5243)
mattermost/docs: source/messaging/managing-account-settings.rst

>       - Access **Profile** and **Security** settings from your avatar in the Global Header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Access **Profile** and **Security** settings from your Avatar in the Global Header.
```

See our `Organizing Conversations using Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta) <https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html>`__ documentation to learn more about this feature.

> Quick reactions on messages

Author: ```suggestion
Quick reactions to messages
```

> One-click reactions on messages

Author: ```suggestion
Quick reactions on messages
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> React to messages with recently used reactions in a single click when hovering over a message.

Author: ```suggestion
You can react to messages quickly using your most recently used emojis by hovering over a message.
```

> You can react to messages quickly using your most recently used emojis by hovering over a message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can react to messages quickly with your most recently-used emojis by hovering over a message.
```

> Channel Display

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Channel display
```
